# python-api-challenge
# Solution: To complete this challenge, I used my teacher's codde for reference to check my work git@git.bootcampcontent.com:Northwestern-University/NU-VIRT-DATA-PT-06-2024-U-LOLC.git

# Part 1: WeatherPy- I created a python script to visualize the weather of over 500 cities of varying distances from the equator using citipy python library and OpenWeatherAPI map. I had to retrieve weather data from the cities list generated in the starter code and created scatter plots to showcase the following relationships; Latitude vs. Temp, Latitude vs. Humidity, Latitude vs. Cloudiness, and Latitude vs. Wind Speed. Next, I was asked to compute a linear regression for each relationship. I had to separate the plots into Northern Hemisphere and Southern Hemisphere. Then, I was asked to create a series of scatter plots; Northern Hemisphere: Temperature vs. Latitude, Southern Hemisphere: Temperature vs. Latitude, Northern Hemisphere: Humidity vs. Latitude, Southern Hemisphere: Humidity vs. Latitude, Northern Hemisphere: Cloudiness vs. Latitude, Southern Hemisphere: Cloudiness vs. Latitude, Northern Hemisphere: Wind Speed vs. Latitude, Southern Hemisphere: Wind Speed vs. Latitude. After each pair of plots I was asked to explain what the linear regression is showing and describe any relationships I noticed.

# Part 2: VacationPy- I was asked to create a map that displays a point for every city in the city_data_df. I then narrowed down the DataFrame to find my ideal weather condition. Next, I created a new DataFrame called hotel_df to store the city, country, coordinates, and humidity. For each city, I used the Geoapify API to find the first hotel within 10,000 meters of my coordinates. Then, I added the hotel name and the country as additional info in the hover message for each city on the map.